# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile requirements.txt -o requirements-new.txt
absl-py==2.2.0
    # via tensorboard
accelerate==1.5.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
aenum==3.1.15
    # via -r requirements.txt
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   deepgram-sdk
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
alembic==1.15.1
    # via optuna
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.6.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
apprise==1.9.2
    # via torchutil
asteroid-filterbanks==0.4.0
    # via pyannote-audio
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==24.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
audioread==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   librosa
bitsandbytes==0.45.3
    # via -r requirements.txt
brouhaha @ https://github.com/marianne-m/brouhaha-vad/archive/main.zip
    # via -r requirements.txt
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   apprise
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   soundfile
chardet==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pysrt
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   g2p
    #   typer
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via submitit
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via g2p
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via -r requirements.txt
datasets==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   librosa
deepgram-captions==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
deepgram-sdk==2.12.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
demucs==4.0.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
deprecation==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
dora-search==0.1.12
    # via demucs
editdistance==0.8.1
    # via panphon
einops==0.8.1
    # via
    #   demucs
    #   pyannote-audio
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
filelock==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
    #   yapecs
fonttools==4.56.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
future==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyloudnorm
g2p==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.txt
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via tensorboard
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
httpcore==1.0.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httpx==0.27.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
huggingface-hub==0.26.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   penn
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperpyyaml==1.2.2
    # via speechbrain
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   librosa
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
julius==0.2.7
    # via
    #   demucs
    #   torch-audiomentations
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lameenc==1.8.1
    # via demucs
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   librosa
librosa==0.10.2.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
lightning==2.5.1
    # via pyannote-audio
lightning-utilities==0.14.2
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   numba
mako==1.3.9
    # via alembic
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via pyannote-metrics
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
more-itertools==10.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openai-whisper
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   librosa
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
munkres==1.1.4
    # via panphon
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   typing-inspect
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
numba==0.60.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   librosa
    #   openai-whisper
numpy==1.24.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   librosa
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   openai-whisper
    #   openunmix
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   panphon
    #   penn
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyloudnorm
    #   pystoi
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soxr
    #   speechbrain
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.4.5.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.1.0.70
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.2.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.5.147
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.6.1.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.3.1.170
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.21.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.4.127
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   torch
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   dora-search
    #   pyannote-audio
openai-whisper==20240930
    # via -r requirements.txt
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via g2p
openunmix==1.3.0
    # via demucs
optuna==4.2.1
    # via pyannote-pipeline
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   deprecation
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lazy-loader
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   optuna
    #   pooch
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   speechbrain
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
panphon==0.21.2
    # via g2p
penn==0.0.14
    # via -r requirements.txt
pesq==0.0.4
    # via -r requirements.txt
pillow==11.1.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pooch
pooch==1.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   librosa
primepy==1.3
    # via torch-pitch-shift
propcache==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.30.1
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
psutil==7.0.0
    # via accelerate
pyannote-audio==3.2.0
    # via brouhaha
pyannote-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-database==5.1.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-metrics==3.2.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pyannote-pipeline==3.0.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pyarrow==18.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.8.2
    # via g2p
pydantic-core==2.20.1
    # via pydantic
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyloudnorm==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
pyparsing==3.2.2
    # via matplotlib
pysrt==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.txt
pystoi==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==2.5.1
    # via lightning
pytorch-metric-learning==2.8.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   apprise
    #   datasets
    #   demucs
    #   g2p
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperpyyaml
    #   lightning
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   panphon
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
regex==2024.9.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   g2p
    #   panphon
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   apprise
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pooch
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via apprise
retrying==1.3.4
    # via dora-search
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   typer
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via hyperpyyaml
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
safetensors==0.4.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   accelerate
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   librosa
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   librosa
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyloudnorm
    #   pystoi
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
semver==3.0.4
    # via pyannote-audio
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via speechbrain
setuptools==78.0.2
    # via
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   panphon
    #   tensorboard
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
    #   tensorboard
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via pyannote-core
soundfile==0.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   librosa
    #   pyannote-audio
soxr==0.5.0.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   librosa
speechbrain==1.0.2
    # via pyannote-audio
sqlalchemy==2.0.39
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
submitit==1.5.2
    # via dora-search
sympy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via pyannote-metrics
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via torchutil
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via pyannote-audio
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via g2p
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openai-whisper
tokenizers==0.20.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   transformers
torch==2.5.1
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   demucs
    #   dora-search
    #   julius
    #   lightning
    #   openai-whisper
    #   openunmix
    #   penn
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchutil
torch-audiomentations==0.12.0
    # via pyannote-audio
torch-pitch-shift==1.2.5
    # via torch-audiomentations
torchaudio==2.5.1
    # via
    #   demucs
    #   openunmix
    #   penn
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
torchmetrics==1.7.0
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchutil==0.0.14
    # via penn
tqdm==4.66.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
    #   demucs
    #   g2p
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   openai-whisper
    #   openunmix
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
    #   transformers
transformers==4.46.1
    # via -r requirements.txt
treetable==0.2.5
    # via dora-search
triton==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   openai-whisper
    #   torch
typer==0.15.2
    # via pyannote-database
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   g2p
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   librosa
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   multidict
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   submitit
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via panphon
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   requests
websockets==13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   deepgram-sdk
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   datasets
yapecs==0.1.0
    # via penn
yarl==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   aiohttp
